(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Going down the rabbit hole
♪ Where we're going no one knows
♪ Obstacles 'round every bend
♪ Let's see where the tunnel ends ♪
What a lovely day to gather
my winter harvest of carrots.
Don't you think, Squeaks?
(GASPS)
My winter harvest.
Those are mine!
Wait, come back!
(PANTING)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Thanks for the help.
Gross, ew, disgusting, no.
Puddin, you are so
pony perfection.
You can't eat
these filthy things.
Only the choicest 1%.
You know, I love my
little sweetie-peetie.
-How's it going?
-Fine, thanks.
Stop stealing my carrots!
(GRUNTS) Ow, your carrots?
Listen up, shorty spice,
you took my carrots.
-(GRUNTS)
-Hey, enough
with the clubbing!
They're mine.
Since when do you and CeeLo,
need all the carrots?
Puddin is going to be an
upper-class show pony.
And for the upper class,
only the best.
Ah, the 1%.
Only the choicest cut
for my Puddin.
And what happens to the rest?
The remaing 99%?
My carrots! (GROWLS)
And it's obvious that you two
are part of the 99%.
(BOTH GASP)
Of course, you realize,
this means class war.
Okay, Puddin, it's time
for your riding lesson.
BUGS: Did someone say
"riding lessons"?
Who are you?
I am a riding instructor.
Where's your horse?
Uh...
Good question, uh...
I'll be right back.
(WHINNYING)
Our first lesson today
is trolling.
-Trolling?
-The one where you hop around.
-Trotting?
-Yeah, yeah, trotting.
Here we go. (EXCLAIMING)
That's trotting?
Now, it's your turn.
-You heard him, trot.
-(PANTING)
(GRUNTS) Get off of me!
Now, let's get these carrots.
But, riding instructor,
my horse isn't working.
Fix him!
Uh...
Oh, yeah, he's cramping.
You just need to
massage it out here.
And let's gently stretch
it out, now you hold this.
I'll walk this way toward you.
Now, you go underneath
and I'll go this way.
Then you go around there
and back to me.
-(STRAING)
-Now, grab that leg.
-Like this?
-BUGS: There you go,
just like that.
Now twist around here
and twice around.
Now, loop through
and one more like so.
PAMPREEN: Hey, I got it.
And that's what I call
a Thai massage.
-But I can't move.
-Now's our chance.
(GRUNTING) Hey!
(SIGHS) Yes, my dear.
Something tells me
you're not
a riding instructor.
(NEIGHING)
Ah, well, truth be told.
I am a photographer.
A photographer?
I'm from Fancy Horse Digest,
a magazine about fancy horses
and what they digest.
And I want you two
for the cover.
(BOTH GASP)
I took one look and I knew.
Those dark, brooding eyes,
those chiseled cheekbones,
I must shoot you.
Yes, that's it.
-More of that. Beautiful, yes!
-(SHUTTER CLICKS)
You need something else.
Little girl, move to the left.
Hold this garden gnome.
Now, put on this hat.
Grab those carrots,
put them in that box.
That's it, beautiful.
Yes, more in the box.
That's the cover!
But, Puddin wasn't even
in that shot.
Don't worry about it,
princess.
I think I got what I need.
-Ciao.
Ciao.
Puddin, that rabbit is
stealing our carrots.
After him.
Way to go, Squeaks.
Why you always
gotta be so polite?
(SQUEAKING)
I will take it up
with your mother.
(NEIGHING)
Giddy up, Puddin, giddy...
Go, Puddin, let's go.
(STRAINING)
Come on, Puddin, giddy up.
(PANTING)
Puddin, jump.
Jump, jump.
-Puddin!
-(SQUEALING)
(NEIGHING)
Puddin, they ruined you.
You're so ugly and hideous,
and you'll never be
a show pony!
And I hate you,
and you're nothing but...
(SCREAMING)
Squeaks, would you like
to do the honors?
(GRUNTING)
Hi-ho, Squeaker. Away!
(NEIGHING)
No time for good-bye, Squeaks.
-I'm already late
for my plane.
-(SQUEAKING)
Yes, I printed my
boarding pass.
It's in my bag.
(SQUEAKING)
No, you can't come
with me, Squeaks.
I'll only be gone for a week.
Just grab my mail
and water the carrots.
Okay, Squeaks?
-(GASPING)
-Bye.
(SQUEAKING)
(ROARING)
Squeaks, I gotta go.
(SQUEALING)
(GRUNTS)
-Well, get a load of this.
-(SQUEAKING)
(SQUEAKING)
This is a toll tree?
What kind of a nut would
collect tolls in a forest?
(ROARING)
Oh, hello.
I wasn't talking about
little old you.
Hey, hmm...
Oh...
Uh, here you go.
There's still some
good bites in there.
Hmm...
-Got a buck, Squeaks?
-(SQUEAKING)
Well, I've never met
a toll tree before
mainly because,
they don't exist.
I would like to see
some credentials.
(GASPING AND GRUNTING)
Look, I ain't
paying your toll,
and no tree is making me
late for my flight.
(GRUNTING)
(CHUCKLES)
What, now, you let me pass?
Uh-huh.
I can't go to the airport
without my bag.
My tickets are in there.
Oh, well.
Why, you big bag of splinters.
(SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
(BUGS WHISTLING)
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
I can't reach.
(SQUEAKING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMING)
-(CHUCKLES)
-(SCREAMING)
(SQUEAKING)
Apologize, for what?
This is not
a licensed official.
There's no such thing
as a toll tree.
Why should I apologize?
(SQUEAKING)
Okay, I'll try.
Listen, Woodrow, I'm sorry
I ruffled your underbrush.
I said sorry.
(TICKING)
Okay, toothpick,
you take me to my bag now.
Whoa!
(YELPING)
My bag, my bag.
(GASPS)
(SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(RUMBLING)
Come to pa.
Why, you...
(SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
Hey, this ain't a fair fight.
It's tree against one.
(SHRIEKING)
How's come you know
so much about this tree?
(SQUEAKING)
Of course, you do.
You're a squirrel.
(SQUEAKING)
I mean, you could
get to the top of that
tree in seconds.
-(SQUEAKING)
-So why don't you help me?
-Oh...
Please?
Hey, doc, I know why
you're such a grump.
What you need is
a lady friend.
Look, I logged you
in to Fernster,
the social media site
for trees.
-(GRUNTING)
-Oh, come on.
Check out this redwood.
Tall, well built,
a little old but not bad.
-You ought to friend her.
-Ha!
(GRUNTING)
Huh?
-Hey, here's a cute sycamore.
-(GRUNTING)
Wouldn't you like
to germinate with her?
Hey, Squeaks, the jig is up.
-(GRUNTING)
-You can do it, Squeaks.
(BLOWS RASPBERRIES)
Don't forget my bag.
(SQUEAKING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
Well done, Squeaks.
Now let's finish the job.
Knock on wood this works.
(WHIRRING)
(SQUEAKING)
(TRILLS)
(WHIRRING)
-(SQUEAKING)
-(BLOWER STOPS)
You got the wrong bag.
(SQUEAKING)
Just kidding.
(GIGGLING)
(SIGHS) I can't believe
I actually caught my flight.
PILOT: (OVER PA)Ladies and gentlemen, our takeoff's been delayed
due to, uh...
Well, you wouldn't believe me if I told you.
(GRUNTING)